how are you guys doing today it is so
beautiful outside
it's a Saturday afternoon actually I
woke up at 12:00 so my timing is a
little off but I feel so good the past
few days I've been sleeping in tell like
noon and so I am fully hopefully
recovered on the sleep side of things I
got some errands to run today hopefully
can get them done quick spalling pro tip
for the ladies it's very hard to look
cute and a helmet but if you put like
your hair through the loops it makes it
more I don't know
anyways
I just need to get a few bucks you want
some proof of residency I need a proof
of residence or APO box so I'm gonna do
that later and I just stopped by you
yesterday got something very exciting it
might be kind of difficult to get home
though it's kind of big so this will be
fun
okay I got made a handle out of tape
so much stuff I'm so excited about this
I have super talented art friend her
name is Laurie I'm she's a friend from a
Dallas and she posted these sick
paintings that she did on Instagram and
that she was telling him and I was like
I need one
so yeah let's open it up I don't make a
great great addition to the apartment I
think I know exactly where I want this
together whoops yo look how cool this is
it's definitely going in my back room in
my second room cuz look it kind of goes
with my Timmy chair yes I love art but
what's better than just any random
person's art your friends art Lari sick
job this looks amazing I'm gonna like
her down in the description below you
should go and comment on her Instagram
you'd be like yo your art is so dope or
something like that today is bringing
the vibes the weather outside I just
wish I could somehow make you feel what
it feels like outside there's like
farmers markets everywhere people are
out and about smiling I didn't have my
camera but I Instagram story a little
bit of it the vibes are real now I got
my sweet green I'm telling you guys I
don't know if sweet green it's a thing
everywhere else in the US but if you're
in New York and need a quality delicious
salad go to sweet green get the
guacamole greens that's that's my
favorite so I'm very sick of viewing the
sunset from my apartment so I've
enlisted because shoots people bikes
today
first but it always goes when you needed
the most the kindness love is still
bleeding from flash ah
if you can have it all I give it back
but I never stole the first part but it
always going to be the most the kind of
stuff is still bleeding from last shot
Oh
I give it back but I haven't stolen
first part
but it always goes we need the walls the
kind of Slavs they're reading from last
shot
Oh Governors Island it was real what it
what are we saying what you saying it's
lit I was like take it hey she was
always like it was lit I'm Sarah beachy
signing off from the peachy lit fans at
CVG
okay thanks this morning on the way to
San Francisco I did something that I
have never done before never done before
ever regarding flying an airplane so I
have flown to many places and faraway
destinations Greece Iceland Italy
Austria